so there are vast opportunities in the Navy. Um, that is that is effect.
Not all opportunities were considered equal. And not all opportunities
are seen as, um, truly helping the Navy in the best way they can.
However, some of those opportunities air good personally for the
for the one doing the job. If you you can certainly move into a different
position, that might not be the best for your career, but might
be the best for you. And usually that might come in the form of an
application process or a recommendation from a commanding officer
or something like that. But to boil it down. Really, if you want to
move into a new role, a new position that you think might help you advance
but is particularly competitive because it probably is, you're
gonna need people backing you up. To move into that position, you're
gonna need the full support of your superior officers in order to
be able to be selected for that role